using the theater package with the dual
head restraint DVD system you and your
passengers can enjoy up to three
different audio or video sources at the
same time start the engine when using
the DVD system if the ignition switch is
left in the ACC or on position the
system can discharge the battery and
your vehicle may not start the system
components are the front center display
screen the two rear displays on the back
of the front head restraints a remote
controller two headphones and the rear
auxilary jacks on the back of the center
console the front display is not
available while the vehicle is moving
and the remote controller cannot be used
in the front seat to view images in the
front seat the shifts lever must be in
the park position and the parking brake
applied source is connected to the rear
auxilary Jack's can only be viewed on
the rear display screens before
connecting a device to a jack turn off
the power on the portable device these
are the wireless headphones for the rear
passengers push this switch to turn the
headphones on or off slide this switch
to the left or right to choose the left
or right rear display as the source to
play through the headphones the
headphones turn off automatically after
four minutes with no sound or after four
hours of continuous use to play files on
a CD DVD USB device or compatible
auxilary device on the front display
press the disc auxilary button
repeatedly until the desired mode is
activated the on-screen controls can be
operated using the touchscreen or the
Nissan controller the sources for the
rear displays can also be set using the
remote controller slide this switch to
the left or right to choose the
corresponding rear display and then
press the power button to turn the
display on press the source button to
choose the input source for that screen
to display the operation screen for the
source that is being played press the
menu button on the remote controller for
example to set the system to play three
different audio or video sources
simultaneously
turn both headphones on with one set for
the left rear display and the other set
for the right rear display activate the
DVD on the front display by inserting a
DVD or pressing the disc auxilary button
until the DVD mode is displayed slide
the display select switch on the remote
controller to the right and press source
to choose the rear auxilary mode when
complete the front passengers can listen
to an audio source through the vehicle
speakers the left rear passenger can
watch a DVD and listen through the
headphones and the right rear passenger
can view an auxilary source while
listening through the other pair of
headphones for more information see your
owners